[oneDPL] Specify copy and move semantics for device_policy (#594)
uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/parallel_api/execution_policies.rst

to run algorithms on a SYCL device. When an algorithm runs with ``device_policy``
it is capable of processing SYCL buffers (passed via ``oneapi::dpl::begin/end``),
data in the host memory and data in Unified Shared Memory (USM), including device USM.
Data placed in the host memory and USM can be passed to oneDPL algorithms
as pointers and random access iterators. The way to transfer data from the host memory
to a device and back is unspecified; per-element data movement to/from a temporary storage
is a possible valid implementation.

The ``KernelName`` template parameter, also aliased as ``kernel_name`` within the class template,
is to explicitly provide a name for SYCL kernels executed by an algorithm the policy is passed to.

The ``device_policy`` type is copy constructible, copy assignable, move constructible and move assignable.
A policy instance constructed as or assigned a copy of another instance is associated with
a ``sycl::queue`` that compares equal, as defined by `SYCL`_, to the queue of that other instance.
A policy instance constructed as or assigned a move of another instance is associated with the queue

> of that other instance without copying it. It is unspecified whether the original policy is associated
> with any queue after the move.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of that other instance without copying it. It is unspecified whether the original policy is associated
with any queue after being moved from.
```
I don't really like use "the move" in this context without first introducing the move we are referring to more directly.

Author: Would this be better?

> It is unspecified whether the moved-from policy instance is associated with any queue after the move.

Reviewer: yes that is better

it is capable of processing SYCL buffers (passed via ``oneapi::dpl::begin/end``),
data in the host memory and data in Unified Shared Memory (USM), including device USM.
Data placed in the host memory and USM can be passed to oneDPL algorithms
as pointers and random access iterators. The way to transfer data from the host memory
to a device and back is unspecified; per-element data movement to/from a temporary storage
is a possible valid implementation.

The ``KernelName`` template parameter, also aliased as ``kernel_name`` within the class template,
is to explicitly provide a name for SYCL kernels executed by an algorithm the policy is passed to.

The ``device_policy`` type is copy constructible, copy assignable, move constructible and move assignable.
A policy instance constructed as or assigned a copy of another instance is associated with
a ``sycl::queue`` that compares equal, as defined by `SYCL`_, to the queue of that other instance.
A policy instance constructed as or assigned a move of another instance is associated with the queue
of that other instance without copying it. It is unspecified whether the original policy is associated

> with any queue after the move. [*Note*: The predefined ``dpcpp_default`` policy object is immutable

Reviewer 2: I think you can write a **Note** as it's done here: https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec/blob/main/source/elements/oneDPL/source/index.rst

Author: Thanks for reviewing Andrey.

For a short clarification that depends on the context of the preceding wording an "inlined" note (similar to what the C++ standard uses) seems better to me. I will think more of it though.

Reviewer 2: Thanks. It looks nicer now
